火柴人战争：神射手之王隐私权协议

＃＃ 隐私政策(本隐私政策来自英文版翻译，如有翻译不准确，或者语义冲突矛盾的地方，请以文章后面的英文版为主！)

Gabriel将 火柴人战争：神射手之王游戏 构建为广告支持应用程序。本服务由Gabriel免费提供，旨在按原样使用。

如果有人决定使用我的服务，此页面用于通过收集，使用和披露个人信息来告知访客我的政策。

如果您选择使用我的服务，则表示您同意收集和使用与此政策相关的信息。我收集的个人信息用于提供和改进服务。除非本隐私政策中所述，否则我不会向任何人使用或分享您的信息。

本隐私政策中使用的术语与我们的条款和条件具有相同的含义，除非本隐私政策另有规定，否则可在 火柴人战争：神射手之王游戏 中获取。

信息收集和使用

为了更好的体验，在使用我们的服务时，我可能会要求您向我们提供某些个人身份信息，包括但不限于联系信息（如姓名和电子邮件地址），玩家姓名和密码，有关您帐户和游戏的数据进度，您的IP地址和移动设备标识符（例如您的设备ID，广告ID，MAC地址，IMEI），有关您的设备的数据，例如设备名称和操作系统，浏览器类型和语言。我请求的信息将保留在您的设备上，不会以任何方式收集。

该应用程序确实使用可能收集用于识别您身份的信息的第三方服务。

链接到应用程序使用的第三方服务提供商的隐私政策

[Google Play服务]（https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/）
[AdMob]（https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en）
[Firebase Analytics]（https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics）
日志数据

我想通知您，每当您使用我的服务时，如果应用程序出错，我会在您的手机上收集名为Log Data的数据和信息（通过第三方产品）。此日志数据可能包括设备Internet协议（“IP”）地址，设备名称，操作系统版本，使用我的服务时应用程序配置，使用服务的时间和日期以及其他统计信息等信息。

Cookie

Cookie是具有少量数据的文件，通常用作匿名唯一标识符。这些内容将从您访问的网站发送到您的浏览器，并存储在设备的内部存储器中。

本服务不明确使用这些“cookie”。但是，该应用程序可能会使用第三方代码和使用“cookies”的库来收集信息并改进其服务。您可以选择接受或拒绝这些cookie，并知道何时将cookie发送到您的设备。如果您选择拒绝我们的cookie，您可能无法使用本服务的某些部分。

服务供应商

由于以下原因，我可能雇用第三方公司和个人：

*促进我们的服务;
*代表我们提供服务;
*执行与服务相关的服务; 要么
*协助我们分析我们的服务使用方式。

我想通知本服务的用户，这些第三方可以访问您的个人信息。原因是代表我们执行分配给他们的任务。但是，他们有义务不将信息透露或用于任何其他目的。

安全

我非常重视您向我们提供您的个人信息，因此我们正在努力使用商业上可接受的方式来保护您的个人信息。但请记住，没有通过互联网传输的方法或电子存储方法100％安全可靠，我不能保证其绝对的安全性。

其他网站的链接

本服务可能包含指向其他站点的链接。如果您点击第三方链接，系统会将您定向到该网站。请注意，这些外部网站不是由我操作的。因此，我强烈建议您查看这些网站的隐私政策。我无法控制任何第三方网站或服务的内容，隐私政策或做法，也不承担任何责任。

儿童隐私

这些服务不针对13岁以下的任何人。我不会故意收集13岁以下儿童的个人身份信息。在我发现13岁以下的孩子向我提供个人信息的情况下，我立即将其从我们的服务器中删除。如果您是父母或监护人并且您知道您的孩子向我们提供了个人信息，请与我联系，以便我能够采取必要的行动。

本隐私政策的变更

我可能会不时更新我们的隐私政策。因此，建议您定期查看此页面以了解任何更改。我将通过在此页面上发布新的隐私政策来通知您任何更改。这些更改在此页面上发布后立即生效。

联系我们

如果您对我的隐私政策有任何问题或建议，请随时与我联系，电话：178858480@qq.com。

本隐私政策页面在[privacypolicytemplate.net]（https://privacypolicytemplate.net）创建，并由[应用隐私政策生成器]修改/生成（https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/）

Privacy Policy
Gabriel built the Matchstick War - Marksman King app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Gabriel at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Matchstick War - Marksman King unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Contact information (such as name and email address),Player name and password,Data about your account and game progress,Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI),Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at 178858480@qq.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator